QA fixes (#306)
HL7/cqf-measures: input/pages/profiles.md

|----|----|
| [CRMISoftwareSystemDevice]({{site.data.fhir.ver.crmi}}/StructureDefinition-crmi-softwaresystemdevice.html) | A software device used in the creation, validation, evaluation, packaging, and/or testing of a library or measure artifact.  |

> | CQFMContentRelease |  a set of measures together with the version information for code system and value sets referenced by those measures.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [CRMIManifestLibrary]({{site.data.fhir.ver.crmi}}/StructureDefinition-crmi-manifestlibrary.html) |  Used to establish a set of measures together with the version information for code system and value sets referenced by those measures. See the [Manifest](measure-conformance.html#manifest) topic for more information.  |
```
